README.md, before:

# Algorithm Orders Task

## Setup
```
git clone https://github.com/killedit/2026-01-27-alphavision-task.git
2026-01-27-alphavision-task
docker compose up -d --build
```

## DB

Option 1: Connect to `alphavision-mysql-1` container:

```
docker exec -it alphavision-mysql-1 bash
mysql -u root -p
    admin123
use alphavision;
show tables;
...
```

Option 2: Create a new db connection in DBeaver.

```
Server Host:    127.0.0.1
Port:           3307
Database:       alphavision
Username:       laravel_user
Password:       user123

Driver properties:
    allowPublicKeyRetrieval     TRUE
    useSSL                      FALSE

Test Connection...
```

## Application

It's a dockerized Laravel application that makes migrations and seeds the db at the setup step. It's creating 100 `drivers` randomply positioned on the map and random number of orders in each `place`. The logic is that in the end each `place` has same number of orders. `Drivers` that are closer to a `place` are prefered and should not travel further than 5km and they can get only randomly 1-4 orders. I did not complicate things with one `driver` being able to get orders from more than one `place`.

http://localhost:8087/restaurant 

![Home](laravel/resources/images/2026-01-27-alphavision-task-home.png)

Commit message:

Fix displaying of unassigned drivers

README.md, after:

# Algorithm Orders Task

## Setup
```
git clone https://github.com/killedit/2026-01-27-alphavision-task.git
2026-01-27-alphavision-task
docker compose up -d --build
```

## DB

Option 1: Connect to `alphavision-mysql-1` container:

```
docker exec -it alphavision-mysql-1 bash
mysql -u root -p
    admin123
use alphavision;
show tables;
...
```

Option 2: Create a new db connection in DBeaver.

```
Server Host:    127.0.0.1
Port:           3307
Database:       alphavision
Username:       laravel_user
Password:       user123

Driver properties:
    allowPublicKeyRetrieval     TRUE
    useSSL                      FALSE

Test Connection...
```

## Application

A dockerized Laravel application that makes migrations and seeds the db at the setup step. It's creating 100 `drivers` randomply positioned on the map, fixed number of `restaurants` and random number of orders in each `restaurant`. The logic is that in the end each `restaurant` has same number of orders. `Drivers` that are closer to a `restaurant` are prefered, should not travel further than 5km and they can get only randomly 1-4 orders. I did not complicate things with one `driver` being able to get orders from more than one `restaurant`. Unassigned drivers are displayed in grey.

http://localhost:8087/restaurant 

![Home](laravel/resources/images/2026-01-27-alphavision-task-home.png)
